docs(refactor): updates to the oauth doc following review (#10143)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/con-mapping-keycloak-authz-services-to-kafka-model.adoc

When the Kafka client uses OAUTHBEARER authentication, the Keycloak authorizer (`KeycloakAuthorizer`) uses the access token of the current session to retrieve a list of grants from the Keycloak server.

> To retrieve the grants, the authorizer evaluates the Keycloak Authorization Services policies and permissions.

Reviewer: While not part of this set of changes this sentence is not correct. The way it reads it seems like the authorizer needs to know about Keycloak Authorization Services policies and permissions in order to retrieve grants. But actually, authorizer just sends the access token in an HTTP request, and gets back a list of grants (Kafka ACL permissions in the form of a string of a special format). The evaluation was performed on the Keycloak by Keycloak Authorization Services to produce that list of grants from policies and permission configured for the owner of the access token.

```suggestion
To grant permissions the authorizer evaluates the received (and locally cached) list of grants produced by Keycloak Authorization Services based on policies and permissions configured for the owner of the access token.
```

* `Delete`
* `Describe`
* `Alter`
* `DescribeConfigs`
* `AlterConfigs`
* `ClusterAction`
* `IdempotentWrite`

> * `CreateTokens`
> * `DescribeTokens`
> * `All`

Reviewer: These are not supported. We don't support authentication tokens for authentication and we don't support `All` as a valid operation.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: For more on delegation tokens see: https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#security_delegation_token

Author: Thanks @mstruk : we say this before introducing the list: "Authorization scopes must contain all the possible Kafka permissions regardless of the resource type:"

So, not quite , then?  We should remove the above and say something like: " "Authorization scopes _should_ contain the following Kafka permissions regardless of the resource type:"?

Author: Should we include a note on delegation tokens or is it implicit?

Reviewer: The `CreateTokens` and `DescribeTokens` are redundant but by themself not harmful. Adding `All` can lead one to believe that it is a legit operation name to use in order to match any other, which is not supported.
So yes, it would be good to mention at leas the `All`, that using it is not supported.

Author: Thanks @mstruk. I've added a note. If you're happy with the changes, please approve.
